README.md, before:

# generify&nbsp;&nbsp;[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mcollina/generify.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/mcollina/generify)

A reusable project generator that _copies file recursively_, while
replacing keywords from passed data.

## Example

```js
'use strict'

const generify = require('generify')
const source = './template'
const dest = '/tmp/generify-test'
const data = { hello: 'hello world' }

// without notification
generify(source, dest, data, function (err) {
  if (err) {
    console.log(err)
  } else {
    console.log('ok!')
  }
})

// with notification
generify(source, dest, data, onData, done)

function onData (file) {
  console.log('writing file')
}

function done (err) {
  if (err) {
    console.log(err)
  } else {
    console.log('ok!')
  }
}
```

This will replace all the `__hello__` patterns found in all files
with the `'hello world'` string.

### `__` handling

If a file begins with `__` that will be automatically converted into a
`.`. This is useful for generating `.gitignore` files.

If the supplied `data` has a key `copyAsNamed`, with an array of names, then
the filenames in that list will not be processed through this rule. Each file
name in the list should not include a path,
e.g. `['__do-not-replace-underscores.js']`.

## Executable

__generify__ also offers an executable that can be called with:

  Usage: generify template destination [json file]

Where the json file contains the data to be replaced.

## Acknowledgements

This project was kindly sponsored by [nearForm](http://nearform.com).

## License

MIT

Commit message:

Add ability to transform data during replacement

README.md, after:

# generify&nbsp;&nbsp;[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mcollina/generify.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/mcollina/generify)

A reusable project generator that _copies file recursively_, while
replacing keywords from passed data.

## Example

```js
'use strict'

const generify = require('generify')
const source = './template'
const dest = '/tmp/generify-test'
const data = { hello: 'hello world' }

// without notification
generify(source, dest, data, function (err) {
  if (err) {
    console.log(err)
  } else {
    console.log('ok!')
  }
})

// with notification
generify(source, dest, data, onData, done)

function onData (file) {
  console.log('writing file')
}

function done (err) {
  if (err) {
    console.log(err)
  } else {
    console.log('ok!')
  }
}
```

This will replace all the `__hello__` patterns found in all files
with the `'hello world'` string.

If the supplied `data` has a key `transforms`, with a hash of tranformation
functions, then the found tokens will be used to run a corresponding
transform on the supplied data. Example:

```js
const data = {
  transforms: { foo: data => data.toUpperCase() },
  foo: 'foo'
}

// __foo__ => foo_transform(data = 'foo') => 'FOO'
```


### `__` handling

If a file begins with `__` that will be automatically converted into a
`.`. This is useful for generating `.gitignore` files.

If the supplied `data` has a key `copyAsNamed`, with an array of names, then
the filenames in that list will not be processed through this rule. Each file
name in the list should not include a path,
e.g. `['__do-not-replace-underscores.js']`.

## Executable

__generify__ also offers an executable that can be called with:

  Usage: generify template destination [json file]

Where the json file contains the data to be replaced.

## Acknowledgements

This project was kindly sponsored by [nearForm](http://nearform.com).

## License

MIT
